::: \"container\"
## Affiliate Quotex: Earn Up to 80% Commission

The Quotex affiliate program allows individuals to earn up to 80%
commissions by referring new real money traders to the Quotex trading
platform. According to the Quotex Affiliate Center website, the broker
currently \*\*has over 218,000 affiliates that generate over \$5.38
million in affiliate revenue per week\*\*. So, Quotex affiliates play an
important role in how the broker managed to acquire over 29 million
active traders over the last few years.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

### How Does the Quotex Affiliate Program Work?

Quotex pays its affiliates a certain commission ---up to 80% of the
broker\'s profit or 5% of the trading volume--- by promoting a unique
referral link, and attracting new traders to the platform. The more
first-time depositors (FTDs) you generate in a given month, the higher
your commission rate will be from next month on.

### Quotex Affiliate Program Facts And Figures

  Features                Description
  ----------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Payout Models           Revenue share, turnover share
  Commission Rate         Up to 80% for revenue share, up to 5% for turnover share
  Affiliate Levels        1-7, higher levels earn more commission
  Payout Terms            Requires 10 first-time deposits (FTDs) from recruited accounts
  Payout Frequency        Weekly
  Payout Methods          Debit/credit card, Bitcoin, altcoins, domestic banks, e-payment systems
  Promotional Materials   Banners, Landing Pages, Tracking Links
  Support                 Telegram bot, FAQs page, Help Desk
  Sub-affiliate Program   Yes, it pays up to 8%

### Quotex Affiliate Commission Structure

Quotex affiliate program has one of the highest payouts on revenue share
among binary option affiliate programs, which is one of the main reasons
why Quotex has so many affiliates. You earn more money on higher
affiliate levels, which is based on the FTDs you generated from the
previous month. Here are the commission rates you can earn based on your
affiliate level on both payout models:

  Affiliate Level   Required Monthly FTDs   Revenue Share   Turnover Share
  ----------------- ----------------------- --------------- ----------------
  1                 0                       Up to 50%       2%
  2                 15                      Up to 55%       2.5%
  3                 50                      Up to 60%       3%
  4                 100                     Up to 65%       3.5%
  5                 200                     Up to 70%       4%
  6                 400                     Up to 75%       4.5%
  7                 700                     Up to 80%       5%

### What are the Withdrawal Methods for Quotex Affiliates?

Quotex Affiliate Center supports several withdrawal methods, but most of
them are cryptocurrency-based or require an e-wallet registration. Below
is the full list of available withdrawal methods:

-   Visa
-   Mastercard
-   Bitcoin
-   USDT (TRC20/ERC20)
-   Ethereum
-   Perfect Money
-   PIX
-   GCash
-   Banks of Indonesia
-   Banks of Thailand
-   Banks of Malaysia
-   Other local banks

### Does Quotex Pay its Affiliates?

Since Quotex affiliates bring a huge amount of new traders to the
platform, Quotex pays its affiliates more than \$5 million in total
every week.

However, we have to warn you that \[Quotex is an unregulated
broker\](https://eseta.org.za/quotex/), with many users complaining
about \[sudden account
suspensions\](https://eseta.org.za/quotex/blocked-account/) and
\[declined withdrawal
requests\](https://eseta.org.za/quotex/withdrawal/). This means that
there is no regulatory oversight over how the broker operates, and you
can't do anything if Quotex decides to suspend your affiliate account
and never pay your earned commissions.

### Affiliate Tools and Features

The Quotex Affiliate Center offers tools and features that help you
monitor your statistics, generate promo codes, and use direct links to
promote the broker. To make it easier, the platform's dashboard is
comprehensive while being user-friendly: it displays your performance
stats and quick links to the marketing materials, help desk, and
withdrawal page, making the navigation more convenient.

#### []{#"promo-codes"}Promo Codes

The Quotex affiliate program enables you to generate promo codes for
deposit bonuses to attract more traders. Here's how much bonus you can
get on your referrals via promo codes:

  Affiliate Level   Required Activated Bonus   Max Bonus Rate
  ----------------- -------------------------- ----------------
  1                 0                          No bonus
  2                 10                         15%
  3                 20                         20%
  4                 25                         20%
  5                 25                         30%
  6                 25                         40%
  7                 25                         40%

#### []{#"direct-links"}Direct Links

Quotex also provides direct links to their landing pages, signup pages,
homepages, and banners that you add to your referrals. These generated
links will reflect on your revenue-sharing commission.

#### []{#"sub-affiliate-program"}Sub-affiliate Program

Sub-affiliate program allows you to recruit people to join the program
and earn a percentage of their commission. The commission rate you
receive from your recruits depends on your affiliate level, meaning
higher levels might earn a larger share of your sub-affiliates'
earnings. Here's the rate you get from your sub-affiliates based on your
level:

Affiliate Level
:::

Commission Rate

1

2%

2

3%

3

